What problem does the context API help solve?

    1.	Context API solves the problem of having to pass props down from parent component to child component, also known as prop drilling. It prevents you from having to pass down props through child components that may not be using the data in order to reach a nested component in the tree that needs them. By providing you with a Context Object the Context Provider can wrap all components needing to access the data and any nested components are able to subscribe to the Provider and consume the data.

In your own words, describe actions, reducers and the store and their role in Redux. What does each piece do? Why is the store known as a 'single source of truth' in a redux application?

    2.	In redux, actions are objects that must have a type property and in some cases may have a payload property. These action objects flow through the reducer, which in redux is a function that takes in two arguments, state and an action, and returns a new state object. As the action flows through the reducer, it takes the current state and spreads it in and updates it in some way and a new state object is returned thus causing all subscriber components to re-render and in doing so, displays the new state values to the UI. The store, in redux, is representative of global state. It lives outside of the application and houses the whole state tree in a single state object that is accessible to any component that subscribes to the store. The store is known as a ‘single-source-of-truth’ because the only place where state can be updated is within the store itself by way of a dispatched action that flows through the reducer.

What is the difference between Application state and Component state? When would be a good time to use one over the other?

    3.	Application state is state that is managed in a top level component, in most cases within the App component and then passed down via props to the child components further down the component tree. Component state is when state is managed within a single component and can be passed down to nested child components. This can be useful when handling data such as form data that is not needed to be accessible by any other components in the application.

Describe redux-thunk, what does it allow us to do? How does it change our action-creators?

    4.	Redux-Thunk is a middle-ware that exists as a layer between the action creators and the reducer in a react application whose state is being managed globally by redux. This middle-ware layer intercepts the actions generated by action creators and can 1) pass them along to the reducer, 2) discard them entirely, 3) dispatch another action that is then passed on to the reducer. The third case is most often associated with performing asynchronous HTTP requests that are triggered by events that are fired within the App UI.

What is your favorite state management system you've learned and this sprint? Please explain why!

    5.	I prefer redux for use with advanced state management because of the pattern that is repeated every time an event is triggered within the UI. This pattern makes the flow of data easier to follow and in some cases easier to debug.
